Update vSphere README (#10081)
DataDog/integrations-core: vsphere/README.md

See [metadata.csv][9] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

#### Collecting per-instance metrics

> Note that the vSphere integration has the ability to collect both per-resource metrics (such as those related to CPUs), and per-instance metrics (such as those related to CPU cores). As such, there are metrics that are only per-resource, only per-instance, or both. 

Reviewer: We should try to add some details about what is an "instance" here and ideally point to some vSphere docs for a better understanding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: The vSphere integration has the ability to collect both per-resource metrics (such as those related to CPUs), and per-instance metrics (such as those related to CPU cores). As such, there are metrics that are only per-resource, per-instance, or both. 
```

> By default, the vSphere integration will only collect per-resource metrics, which will cause some metrics that are per-instance to be ignored. These can be configured using the `collect_per_instance_filters` option. See below for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the vSphere integration will only collect per-resource metrics, which will cause some metrics that are per-instance to be ignored. These can be configured using the `collect_per_instance_filters` option. See below for an example:
```

Reviewer 3: nit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the vSphere integration only collects per-resource metrics, which causes some metrics that are per-instance to be ignored. These can be configured using the `collect_per_instance_filters` option. See below for an example:
```

```
collect_per_instance_filters:
  host:
    - 'disk\.totalLatency\.avg'
    - 'disk\.deviceReadLatency\.avg'
```

> `disk` metrics are specific for each disk on the host, therefore these metrics need to be enabled using `collect_per_instance_filters` in order to collect them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`disk` metrics are specific for each disk on the host, therefore these metrics need to be enabled using `collect_per_instance_filters` to be collected.
```
